Instructor: Welcome back.
In previous lecture we have reviewed all the
Kubernetes manifest related to notification
cluster IP service, notification related
external name service,
and then notification microservice deployment manifest.
So now we are going to look into
user management microservice which is UMS note port service,
UMS deployment, UMS my skill, external name service
and then UMS ingress service.
So let's go ahead and then review them now.
So if you go to our GitHub repo, so the step seven here
whatever it outlines is like update user management
microservice deployment, manifest with notification service
and we on mental variables.
So if you see in this architecture diagram, so UMS service
need to call them notification service.
So how it is going to call
it'll call the notification cluster IP service
and then cluster IP service will call it soon
notification respect to port, right?
So now let's go back
and then review that in our visual studio code.
So user management microservice.
So if you see its environmental variables, this is
the same user management microservice deployment template
whatever we have been using from EBS block store
and then RDS databases or network load balances
application ,load balancers, Fargate, everywhere.
Okay? So that's the reason we are not going in detail.
What is kind and then what is spec
what is selector, what is spot template here?
Okay, so we are directly getting
into the environmental variables
and in environmental variables.
So these are the standard ones which are related
to RDS database, which we have discussed in our RDS section.
Only differences here, we really didn't put our secret
in a separate AML manifest.
Okay? So this is one Kubernetes subject
and with the three hyphens we have separated
and then added one more secrets manifest here directly.
Instead of having them in two separate files,
both deployment and then it's own secrets
we have put it in the same file. That's all.
Okay, so now in addition to those environmental variables
we are going to add two more environmental variables
which is notification service host
and then notification service port.
And notification service port we know that
it is going to be 8096.
That is good.
Okay? So for notification service it is a 8096
and user management it is 8095
and the notification service host value is going to
be a notification cluster IP service.
So you can go to this notification cluster IP service
and get this name from metadata
and then you can directly update it here.
So now you have completed the adaptation means
like we already have it updated here.
So we just discussed about that.
Okay, So now you know
that user management will have a note port service here
because that using the note port service only
we are going to integrate it
with the ALB ingress controller.
So which we discussed in our
ingress controller section also.
So this is the note port service standard template
which is coming from previous thing.
Only thing is health check path is going
to be the same thing. Whatever we have earlier also.
No changes to our note port service
from our user management note port service
from our previous templates.
Okay, but now let's come back
to our ingress as a cylinder ingress service.
Okay? The name is going to be EKS microservices demo.
This I have changed it. So, and the label.
So you can put the label as the same.
Okay? So you can map it to user management rest stop.
Okay? So okay fine.
So EKS microservices demo and if you see it here
so slash star SSL redirect is already there from beginning
which we have seen.
And in this, if you want to change
what are the things you need to change
if you are doing it right?
So primarily you need to change your SSL certificate
path here, right?
Means like your SSL certificate information
with your account ID and then all these things
you need to put in this template to
make it work for you and rest all.
And then you need to update your own domain.
So this is services.Q1cloud.com.
So in your case it is going to be something else, right?
See here this ALB ingress manifest also only two changes
as we discuss it which is your certificate
you need to update
and then your domain name you need to update.
And one thing you need to make a note of is
this one is going to send the traffic to user management
rest stop note port service, which is nothing but our
this respect you note port service.
Which eventually will catch up the pod using this selector
and then send that traffic to user management
microservice container here.
Okay? So that's about it.
So this is about the manifest discussion
from 01 to 07 in this two lectures.
Okay? So we have discussed everything
in our next lecture we'll go ahead
and then deploy and then test everything.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.